- [Terezija] Congratulations, you have made it to the end.
I hope you enjoyed this course
and now have a solid understanding of Spring events.
You've just experienced the benefits of events
and how they help you write modular decoupled code.
If you want to know more about event-based architectures,
I highly recommend searching our library
for Allen Holub's course on Software Architecture
in Domain-Driven Design.
You can also check out my course
on Advanced Spring Integration Testing Using Spring Boot.
If you have any questions,
please feel free to get in touch on LinkedIn and on Twitter.
I really do appreciate your engagement
as well as your feedback on this course.
If you enjoyed this course, I'd love to know.
Thank you so much for watching
and I hope you enjoyed this course, until next time.